Add more detailed documentation on p2p ports configuration (#1898)
aeternity/epoch: docs/configuration.md

### Peer-to-peer network

> **It is very important that a node not only can connect to other nodes, but that can accepts incoming connections as well, the more peer connections (both inbound+outbound) the node have the better will be it's overall p2p network latency (i.e. block propagation time).**

Reviewer: that it can accept

Reviewer: the more peer connections (...) the node has the better it's overall p2p network latency (...) will be.

> **It is very important that a node not only can connect to other nodes, but that can accepts incoming connections as well, the more peer connections (both inbound+outbound) the node have the better will be it's overall p2p network latency (i.e. block propagation time).**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**It is very important that a node not only can connect to other nodes, but that can accept incoming connections as well: the more peer connections (both inbound+outbound) the node has, the better its overall p2p network latency (i.e. block propagation time) will be.**
```

> By default node listen on TCP port **3015**. It can be changed by `sync` > `port` parameter in the configuration file in case for some reason that port cannot be used (e.g. already used by other service).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
By default, node listens on TCP port **3015**. It can be changed by `sync` > `port` parameter in the configuration file in case for some reason that port cannot be used (e.g. already used by other service).
```

#### Firewalls

Example setup: `node (firewall) <-> firewall <-> Internet`

> If the node is behind a firewall that port  (default 3015 or the one set in the configuration) should be opened for inbound TCP connections.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If the node is behind a firewall, that port (default 3015 or the one set in the configuration) should be opened for inbound TCP connections.
```

> Note that the port may need to be opened both on the host machine running the node and any external device (firewall/router) that route the network traffic.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Note that the port may need to be opened both on the host machine running the node and any external device (firewall/router) that routes the network traffic.
```
```suggestion
Note that the port may need to be opened both on the host machine running the node and any external device (firewall/router) that route the network traffic.
```

> Unfortunately all firewall configurations are different and common steps cannot be provided here, one should follow the documentation of their equipment/software "how to open firewall port".

Reviewer: you should follow the documentation of your equipment...

#### NAT

Example setup: `node <-> NAT (router) <-> Internet`

If the node is behind NAT (e.g. home router) the port should be forwarded on that device to accept incoming connections from Internet and route it to the node.

Unfortunately all router configurations are different and common steps cannot be provided here, one should follow the documentation of their equipment/software "how to forward ports".

##### Advanced NAT

This is advanced configuration and should be used with caution because it can cause node misconfiguration and bad p2p connectivity.
In case the sync port (3015 by default) cannot be used as external forwarding port the `sync` > `external_port` configuration parameter can be used to change it. This is the port that the node will advertise to the network to be reached over Internet.

Example scheme: `node (sync > port) <-> router (sync > external_port) <-> Internet`

#### Port Check

> In order to validate your setup and configuration correctness one can run the external node port check (assuming the default port 3015):

Reviewer: I just tried this, and it is very important to mention:
"After you have started the epoch application, you can verify the validity of your setup and configuration correctness by, for example, running the external node port check (assuming the default port 3015".

I tried before starting the application and clearly the port was still closed.

```bash
nc -zv $(curl -s https://api.ipify.org) 3015
```

Example output:
```

> Connection to 35.178.61.73 3015 port [tcp/*] succeeded!

Reviewer 4: I ran this locally a couple of times. On a freshly started node it works as described. Then (when I get a few peers?) starts timing out:
```
$ nc -zv $(curl -s https://api.ipify.org) 3015
nc: connect to 84.40.125.225 port 3015 (tcp) failed: Connection timed out
```
This of course might as well be my router playing jokes on me :)

Author: Are sure you have free listener workers to handle the new connection?

Reviewer 4: yes, this could easily explain it
